Spring fishing grass and summer fishing algae
The squid is hooked, haha.
Ah!
Hey
Meet Dr. Xu
Doctor Xu's father Shen Wan was seriously ill
I hope you can help.
No time. Today is my third wedding anniversary.
I'm still rushing back to make fish soup for my wife
Xu Shenyi, my name is Shen Tingting
It was introduced by President Wang
President Wang, then you should know my rules, right?
Naturally understand
Doctor Xu, as long as you help
I will serve the dragon heart grass
There are also hundreds of billions of orders from your wife's Gao family and Shen family.
If there are some, I will accept them together.
Lan Lan will be very happy to get this order.
Hey, get back here and divorce my daughter
Mom, why do you want me to divorce Lan Lan?
Shut up mom, you can call it too
I don't have your useless son-in-law
Do you see it?
Lanlan's worth has exceeded 10 billion
On the cover of Time magazine
The rich and young people in Yuncheng are all lined up to pursue blue and blue
You don't even look at your weight
Learn to fish every day
What else do you do besides fishing?
What are you worthy of Lan Lan?
But what am I?
If you have any conscience
Sign the divorce quickly
Don't drag Lan Lan down
When I married Lan Lan
Your family is in deep debt
I helped you get through this difficult time
Why do you want to kick me away now that you are rich?
You still have the face to say rich
Does it have anything to do with you?
All these years you have eaten and drank freely in our house
You know how to fish all day
Oh, you live a life more moist than a fairy
What did you do for him?
Our Gao family can have today's life
It's all up to Lan Lan to work hard
Why are you so embarrassed to stay by his side?
Since I can make you rich
I can get it back anytime